README.md, before:

# README Generator

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Lessons Learned](#lessons-learned)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Features](#features)
* [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
* [Tests](#tests)
## Description 
This is a simple readme generator application. It provides a standard structure for the markdown file and associated formatting. As a new developer and a current student, putting together a readme file is still new and challenging. This application provides prompts to guide the user through relevant content that should be included in a proper readme. 
A benefit to using this application is that it saves time for the user by building the readme and applying the relevant formatting for the user. This also allows for a standardized approach to the content.

## Lessons Learned
In building this application I was able to learn a lot more about working with javascript and it's interface with node. Some specific topics that were newly intrtoduced when building this application are template literals, arrow functions, writing and appending files, retrieving information from the terminal, let and const variable scope, node modules (specifically inquirer and axios), etc. Although there was a large amount of new knowledge gained, it became very clear that I've just scratched the surface. 
## Installation
To use this application, please ensure that node.js and npm are installed and ready to use on your machine. Clone this repository to your local machine. Navigate to the working directory in the terminal, then run "npm i" in the terminal to install inquirer. Once that is complete, run the application with "node index.js" in the terminal and start filling in your content. 
## Usage
To run this application, enter "node index.js" in the terminal and begin to answer the prompts. Any section that is not needed will be excluded from the table of contents and the readme file. To ensure that unwanted sections are not included, leave the associated questions blank. For example, is there are no contributors to list, skip that prompt by leaving the response blank and hitting enter. The readme file is created with a file name based on the user input for project name. To avoid overriding a prior file, make sure to use a different project name.
 
  ### Demo
  ![Demo](./assets/images/ReadmeGeneratorDemo.gif)

## Tools
<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="jQuery" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VisualStudioCode-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>

## Credits
Badges from GitHub user, Ileriayo Adebiyi (https://github.com/Ileriayo)
## Features
When selecting the tools used, this application will add any associated badges to the readme. Future development that is expeted is to make the prompts more interactive and dependent on user responses. For any additional features that you would like, or the use of more badges and licenses, please send feedback to Sandy Marr (https://github.com/sandra-marr).  
## How to Contribute
If you would like to contribute, please follow the relevant steps outlined here: https://www.dataschool.io/how-to-contribute-on-github/ or send feedback to Sandy Marr. 
## Tests
Currently there are no tests for this application. 
## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright 2021 Sandra Marr

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added link to demo video

README.md, after:

# README Generator

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Lessons Learned](#lessons-learned)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Features](#features)
* [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
* [Tests](#tests)
## Description 
This is a simple readme generator application. It provides a standard structure for the markdown file and associated formatting. As a new developer and a current student, putting together a readme file is still new and challenging. This application provides prompts to guide the user through relevant content that should be included in a proper readme. 
A benefit to using this application is that it saves time for the user by building the readme and applying the relevant formatting for the user. This also allows for a standardized approach to the content.

## Lessons Learned
In building this application I was able to learn a lot more about working with javascript and it's interface with node. Some specific topics that were newly intrtoduced when building this application are template literals, arrow functions, writing and appending files, retrieving information from the terminal, let and const variable scope, node modules (specifically inquirer and axios), etc. Although there was a large amount of new knowledge gained, it became very clear that I've just scratched the surface. 
## Installation
To use this application, please ensure that node.js and npm are installed and ready to use on your machine. Clone this repository to your local machine. Navigate to the working directory in the terminal, then run "npm i" in the terminal to install inquirer. Once that is complete, run the application with "node index.js" in the terminal and start filling in your content. 
## Usage
To run this application, enter "node index.js" in the terminal and begin to answer the prompts. Any section that is not needed will be excluded from the table of contents and the readme file. To ensure that unwanted sections are not included, leave the associated questions blank. For example, is there are no contributors to list, skip that prompt by leaving the response blank and hitting enter. The readme file is created with a file name based on the user input for project name. To avoid overriding a prior file, make sure to use a different project name.
 
  ### Demo
  Here is a demo of the application. This video can also be viewed here: https://youtu.be/uAQByAVAIbc
  
  ![Demo](./assets/images/ReadmeGeneratorDemo.gif)

## Tools
<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="jQuery" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VisualStudioCode-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>  <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>

## Credits
Badges from GitHub user, Ileriayo Adebiyi (https://github.com/Ileriayo)
## Features
When selecting the tools used, this application will add any associated badges to the readme. Future development that is expeted is to make the prompts more interactive and dependent on user responses. For any additional features that you would like, or the use of more badges and licenses, please send feedback to Sandy Marr (https://github.com/sandra-marr).  
## How to Contribute
If you would like to contribute, please follow the relevant steps outlined here: https://www.dataschool.io/how-to-contribute-on-github/ or send feedback to Sandy Marr. 
## Tests
Currently there are no tests for this application. 
## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright 2021 Sandra Marr

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
